 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
  it is HTML that gives meaning to our code. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
its used for the structire of our website    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it is for a heading, used only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 
    img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    header
    7. What is an id? 
    it anchors the a tag to somehwere else on the page
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    one
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    once 
    10. What is a class?
    its a css selector used to style html
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    for providing text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is for a large space, a div is for pretty much anything that you want to style
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    styling html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    you can just write h2 in css
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class is for when you want to style html, an id is for anchoring a link to another place on the webpage
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a child selector is nested within a parent selector, this is useful when you want to get specific in styling
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it adds something to the element, like hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    break tag
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    that i do not know
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    i do not remember learning this either
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rmdir- once you remove it never comes back
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    what is version control-git? if so, we use it to communicate with the browser...?
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    often
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git add .
    git commit -m "message about what you did"
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    fork the repo, add your instructor, clone it, cd into the new repo, branch it, go to vs code, make and save the changes, add commit push, then create a pull request. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
